kept inside under observation
his minmin she is having a very
difficult labor and it's taken a serious
turn for the worse
[Music]
three days have gone by and she should
have given birth by now the fact that
she hasn't suggest one thing her baby is
probably dead
but minmin is defying the odds
incredibly she is pushing on to survive
a three-day labor is unheard of here and
yes she is trying hard and then a
breakthrough
[Music]
pandas are born tiny pink blind and
virtually bald
mid men has had a daughter except for a
marsupial like a kangaroo giant pandas
give birth to the smallest mammal babies
relative to mother size but for a
usually tiny baby minh means is
unusually large
large births are always difficult and
it's little wonder at seven and a half
ounces min means baby is almost double
the average size of a newborn panda it's
also a fighter thrashing legs are
testament to that
[Music]